DH150: User Experience and Design
Assignment 04: Contextual Inquiry

Research question on time management and scheduling/planning activities during the day for UCLA students/students
1. The main activity my project would support is user’s time management and planning/scheduling habits. The basic need involved for the activity could be the users understanding of what works best for them when remembering events to go to and assignments to do. According to Maslow’s Hiearchy of Needs, the user would need psychological needs because they need to know what type of person they are and a feeling of accomplishment in order for them to want to have time management. For example, some traditional and current solutions to satisfy the issue may include using a physical planner for planning or some may use Google Calendar to put all their events together on their phone. Some might just try to memorize their events using their head. The limitations that possibly would be improved with digital technology is that most people have their phones with them at all times, so if you were to use an online app like Google Calendar on your phone, you can input events whenever and it can send you alerts of the events (something that a physical planner cannot do). 

The characteristics of the users are mostly students because students are the ones that have most things going on in their lives, such as classes, work, internships, club meetings, sports practice, the gym, studying, etc. I want to target students who are older because I want to see what they are using since they are experienced in how they manage their time. Users would most likely plan their schedules at a study spot or when they have time to sit down and think through all the events they have to do. Users might do it in class when something comes up and they want to immediately jot it down or they can do it when they have leisure time and write everything down then. Users would have to go through the process of how they manage their time to complete the activity - whether that be physically writing something, typing something on their phones, or thinking aloud to mentally jot it down. 

The research method I decided to do was an interview with a combination of a passive and participatory observation. I will want to sit with my friend at a coffee shop and observe her actions as we start to do our work. Then ask her to be interviewed to understand more about her time management and scheduling of classes as a college student. 

2. Contextual Inquiry Guide
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dg1UGhpjdWAt8c_NRM4sfxaHFGACvx75TwrOISSX_E4/edit?usp=sharing

3. Link to audio file
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2RnEFe60XphfkJwc0prTzYyUWp0b0Rtd28tWFdxbUZOc1RFQVhsS2xSYlNlTG9ERkN0NFE?usp=sharing

4. Interview Transcript
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mGLHyc4dBwgsG7Y2vzLhlxd2j3tpwdibXQ1fQh5oV00/edit?usp=sharing

5. Reflection
Throughout this process, I learned a lot about the difference between doing a pilot usability testing interview and a contextual inquiry interview as field research. The planning process was quite easy because I knew the community I wanted to approach and what I wanted to focus on. However, thinking about the different questions was the harder part because I did not really know what to ask and which questions are the "right" questions to ask. The interview itself went really well and I noticed that your script is not exactly what you have to say. As the interview went on, I noticed I changed the script as the process went because I did not expect how the interviewee would respond. Sometimes I changed up the questions because I felt it was unnecessary to ask. I learned that when interviewing participants, anything can happen. You can never know exactly what the participant will say and you as the interviewer have to be ready to ask questions that may not be in your script but within the context of the interview. What I would do differently next time is to have more focused tasks for the participant to do because I feel as though it was quite repetitive. I could also potentially add one more task to test another aspect within time management. 
